Last week I wrote that I wanted to understand html and PHP better. I did learn PHP and became better at it this week. Mainly from actually coding and looking up what I needed to know/use at the moment, but also a bit from youtube videos and examples from google. I ended up completing some user stories together with Felicia and Johanna, the other group members worked in teams of two. Our collaboration workd very well. We used my branch to code on and since we coded in Visual studio code, I could invite them with live share so we could all code in the same dokument at the same time. The hardest part was to learn how to use the database, open route service, but we did it and now we have completed a function that takes in coordinates from start place and end place, as well as mode of transportation, and the method returns the distance for that specific transportation mode in km and also the time in minutes (as an array). I'm actually very pleased that we were able to figure it out since this is not like anything neither of us have done before. So very happy
about that. I also think that the estimation points that I assigned myself in the sprint reflected how much I worked with the course, perhaps a bit more work than estimated.
And also we ended up doing user stories for more points than planned, but that was mainly because the method we wrote ended up working for all modes of transportation. Not only
for cars. But that's more telling of the fact that it's hard to estimate all user stories, especially before having worked with anything similar before. So I adjusted the "bonus" 
user stories to reflect lower estimation points. This was done on trello, which we use and it has been very nice using trello actually. It has made us define what testing is and
also to update our definition of done. We still do spend some time every week in meetings discussing those things, but that's part of the process. 
We have kept the comittment we did to three meetings each week, they usually take about 2 hours. So we have also decided that meetings reducts one estimationpoint from everyone each week that we cannot spend on tasks or user stories. 
Overall I think the collaboration in the group works well, everyone seems to be engaged and attending meetings, writing code etc. What I think the group could improve is a better
use of the scrum master and product owner. We have talked a bit about this so the scrum master has been given a task to keep track of where we are monday, wednesday and friday. 
It's related to the KPI's, that we wrote this week. My own goal for the week to come is to work consistently like we did this week, and to complete the tasks and user stories
to reflect the effort points I have committed to myself in the beginning of the sprint. I think it worked well this week and hopefully it will work well again next week. 
